W-11189469-log-forwarding-disable (#230)
mulesoft/docs-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/am-installing.adoc

`./bin/uninstall`
. Delete the `am` folder.
. Follow the instructions for <<install_ap_monitoring_onprem,installing the Anypoint Monitoring agent>> on-premises.
. Restart Mule.

== Performance Impact

> Enabling monitoring can impact CPU utilization and memory utilization, which varies depending upon specific application configuration. MuleSoft recommends that you test any performance impact in your pre-production environment prior to enabling monitoring in your production environment to ensure optimal performance and sizing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling monitoring can impact CPU utilization and memory utilization depending on your specific application configuration. Before enabling monitoring in your production environment, test any performance impact in your pre-production environment to ensure optimal performance and sizing.
```

== Troubleshooting

- If you find connection failure or retry entries, ensure that port 443 in your outbound firewall is open.
- If you do not find connection failure or retry entries, contact MuleSoft technical support.

== Disable Log Forwarding for Hybrid Runtime Servers

> If you have a Titanium subscription and a hybrid runtime server, you can disable log forwarding to Anypoint Monitoring. You must have AM installer v.2.5.10 or later to disable this feature using a JVM property. You must configure this property manually on each hybrid server for which you want to disable log forwarding, and you cannot disable log forwarding per application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Titanium subscription and a hybrid runtime server, you can disable log forwarding to Anypoint Monitoring if you have AM installer v.2.5.10 or later. To disable this feature, you must configure a JVM property on each hybrid server for which you want to disable log forwarding. You cannot disable log forwarding per application.
```

To disable log forwarding:

. Upgrade the Anypoint Monitoring agent to a version that supports disabling log forwarding (am-2.5.10.0.zip or later).

> . Stop.

Reviewer: LoL

Author: ```suggestion
. Stop Mule.
```

Author: 😂
